c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\noteApp.exe.config
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\noteApp.exe
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\noteApp.pdb
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\SignInWindow.g.cs
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\SignInWindow.baml
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp.g.resources
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp.exe
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\noteApp.pdb
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\databaseClassLib.dll
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\databaseClassLib.pdb
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\databaseClassLib.dll.config
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\SignUpWindow.g.cs
c:\users\васёк\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\noteApp\noteApp\obj\Debug\SignUpWindow.baml
